(water bubbling)
(evil laughter)
(dramatic music)
(glass cracks)
(glass shattering)
(clang)
It's all white!
What the hell is happening?
I don't see Epsilon
or the others.
[Epsilon] We've been separated.
This must be another feature
of the Sanctuary's
security system.
(dramatic music)
(Nelson laughs)
Don't you see?
The Sanctuary is OUR territory!
You will rue the day you
turned against the Cult.
Now feel our wrath!
(raaah)
(blood splattering)
(laughs)
(gasps)
(hyah)
(blood splattering)
Hmm...
Something doesn't feel right.
[Alpha] I see.
[Nelson] The closer you get to
the center of the Sanctuary,
the more your power
will drain away.
You didn't realize
that I was luring you
right where I wanted you,
did you?
[Alpha] Meanwhile, the closer
YOU get to the center,
the more power you gain.
[Nelson] (laughs)
I was hoping that we would be
a little closer before
I got started.
However, this should be more
than close enough I think.
[Delta] All this prey...
One and two...
Lots and lots!
(OPENING THEME)
(footsteps echoing)
Question...
Hmm?
[Aurora] What are you doing?
[Cid] Oh, just noticing
that this place
has no sense of up or down.
Then I suggest
you just don't...
look up or down?
[Cid] I wasn't going to.
(light blasting)
Whoa!
Ooh!
You're heavy.
You're imagining it.
(Cid groans)
[Aurora] That's what you get
for goofing off.
Honestly!
[Kagenou] A battlefield
devoid of all hope.
And, unknown to all,
an Eminence intervenes
from the shadows.
That'll work.
(eerie music)
[Aurora] Let's go.
(footsteps thudding)
Hmm?
[Cid] You're crying again.
[Aurora] I was a crybaby.
Hand me your sword.
(eerie music continues)
(metal scraping)
(zombies growling)
(gasps)
What are you...
(zombie growls)
This is frustrating.
The Sanctuary is rejecting us.
(zombies growling)
[Cid]
I guess it's like we're a virus,
and we're getting caught
by the antivirus software.
I don't understand
that analogy.
I don't know much
about it myself.
By the way, what happens
to you if you die here?
I'll probably be sent back
to that first room.
Wow,
that sounds slightly obnoxious.
Yes, it does.
It's really is quite tiresome.
[Cid] Yeah, I agree.
[footsteps echoing]
[Chi] Huh?
[Omega] Mmm?
(zombie moaning)
Ah...
Lady Epsilon?
Don't worry.
(zombie moaning)
(light flashing)
[both] Ah...
(zombie laughs)
[Chi] What?
[Omega] What happened?
[Epsilon]
It's probably something similar
to the Goddess' Trial.
Like a memory that reacted to
us and then materialized.
Reacted to us?
[Epsilon] Yes, to us.
The ones who are possessed.
(all gasp)
(glass shattering)
(eerie music)
You know,
this would be us if we had
never met Lord Shadow, crazy.
There's a lot more here
than I would have guessed.
Indeed, but we got lucky.
[Chi] With all this, we won't
have to keep coming back
for more information.
True,
but it's all just memories.
It will not be easy to
take it back with us.
[Epsilon]
I assume you brought cameras?
[Chi] Yes, the newest product
from Mitsugoshi, the Rolapoid.
This is incredible,
the images have perfect color.
Agreed, Lady Eta is a genius.
Yes, we owe it all to the
wisdom of Lord Shadow.
[Shadow girl] (squeals)
Not again!
This is exactly what happened
at the Academy!
This will NOT make things easy.
I would suppose this means that
the closer we get
to the center,
the more it absorbs our magic.
We'll need to be careful
how we manage our magic.
[all] Hmm?
(balls wobbling)
(dramatic music)
(squelching)
(casually)
Did something just happen?
[Epsilon] (deliberately)
[Chi] No.
[Omega] Nothing.
(sword fighting)
(dramatic music)
[Cid]
You're not the best fighter
without your magic, are you?
[Aurora] I told you, remember?
I'm a delicate damsel
in distress.
You seem to be doing fine
without your magic, though.
Ever since I was a kid,
I've spent a lot of my time
bodybuilding.
(zombie groans)
You're destroying them.
Like a gorilla.
Yeah, specifically, like a
man-slinging gorilla.
Don't suppose you have any
cooler-sounding metaphors.
[Aurora] If there was a
tournament for gorill-
For humans who can't use magic,
you would win.
[Cid]
Well, that's a little better.
I don't hate this god-mode
thing we got going.
But with no magic,
this could go on forever.
That would be a problem.
(somber music)
[Cid] I'm sorry.
(glass shattering)
(dramatic music)
[Cid] You okay?
[Aurora] Yes, thank you.
This place is huge.
[Cid] So is that...
[Aurora] Yes,
the center of the Sanctuary.
(blood splattering)
(raaah)
That's impossible!
(blood splattering)
[Nelson] Your magic is
supposed to be limited!
How can you still
put up a fight?
(Delta laughing)
(blood splattering)
(dramatic music)
(more blood)
Better.
This can't be.
Did you really awaken
all on your own?
But that's not possible.
The technique for that
was lost ages ago!
(blood splattering)
[Alpha] Was it really?
Huh?!
(laughs)
(Nelson moans)
[Nelson] That's all right!
I was prepared for this
level of resistance!
Behold! This is my full power!
[Delta] (raah)
(raaah)
Iron Slab...
(Delta screaming)
(gulp)
(explosion)
[Cid] So what are we
supposed to destroy again?
[Aurora] The magic core.
It should be on the
other side of that door.
Think breaking the chains
will get us through?
It probably will.
(chink)
Well,
I can't do it with this sword.
Any way that I slice it, the
sword is gonna break first.
Excuse me.
Doesn't it occur to you that
there might be a key?
I guess that could help.
That's a good point.
[Cid] So is that it?
[Aurora] Uh, yeah.
[Aurora] It's written right
there on the sword that,
"This sword can cut the chains."
Huh...
(sword hums)
I'm getting a feeling.
Huh?
I cannot draw this sword.
(gasps)
(strains) Yup, I knew it.
The sword is rejecting me.
(alarm beeping)
This sword can only be drawn
by the chosen one.
Wait look at this!
"The holy sword can only be
drawn by direct descendants."
You're right,
it says so right here!
I'm impressed
that you deciphered
the encrypted
magical inscription
with a single glance.
[Cid] (dry chuckle)
I'm well versed in all
the standard formulas.
So you've formulized
all of the countless
magical script encryption
patterns and memorized them.
Is that what you mean?
I'm pretty sure that's
exactly what I mean.
[Aurora] So now what do we do?
[Cid] Are there
any other ways through?
[Aurora] Not written here.
I see.
(Delta screaming)
(blood splattering)
You know,
I'm not so sure I believe
she's really working
with Shadow.
What would make you say
something like that?
Her fighting style is totally
different from his.
When I saw Shadow, he fenced
using extremely
sophisticated techniques.
But that? There's no technique,
no anything.
It's just pure,
unbridled violence.
I can tell she's strong,
but I mean should that
even be allowed?
Maybe she's just a muscle head,
all brawn no brain.
(splat)
(ungh)
(glass cracks)
(glass crashing)
[Nelson] How?!
How could you defeat
over a hundred clones
without even breaking a sweat?
[Alpha] I assume you
were once a scientist?
Huh?
[Alpha] Make as many
copies as you like,
but they still
only have one brain.
Not nearly sufficient to
control all those bodies.
Even if there are
one hundred of them,
unless they can move freely,
they are no better
than scarecrows.
(fearful)
(growls)
Olivier?
Of course, Olivier!
Olivier! Come forth!
Come forth! Come forth!
Olivier!
(dramatic music)
The Hero Olivier...
Oh...
(chuckling)
Olivier, then you really are...
(Delta growls)
[Epsilon] Lady Alpha,
the investigation is over!
We can exit any time.
[Alpha] Well done.
Well then, the time has come
for us to excuse ourselves.
Huh?
[Nelson]
W-wait! You're leaving?
Huh?
You're just going to run away?
[Alpha] We have no interest
in grunts like you
or in uncertain memories.
Our only objective is to cut
off the source of power.
And now we know how
the Sanctuary's defenses work.
We'll visit you again.
Next time, it will be at the
time of our choosing.
You! You think I'll just...
I'll just sit back and let you
just walk out of here?
[Alpha] Oh?
Will you be coming after us?
(Nelson whimpers)
(Delta growling)
Delta, we're leaving.
(growling)
(sighs)
Delta!
Yes!
I'm sorry, Your Ladyship, sir!
(dramatic music)
[Alpha]
If you'd like to join us...
[both] (uh...)
I believe I would
like to go with you.
Why don't you stay here,
Princess Alexia?
Dark and gloomy places like
this suit you ever so well.
[Chi] (umpfh)
What? Why should I
have to stay behind
in that evil baldy's hideout?
I'm not staying here any
longer.
(Rose sighs)
[Nelson] (uh...)
[Nelson] Well... Well, fine.
I got a good look at
that Alpha's face.
If we can get her blood,
we'll be that much closer to
perfecting the Beads.
As for what I'll tell
the other factions...
Well, let's see...
I can just tell them that I
lured them to the Sanctuary,
caught them in my trap,
and exposed their true
identities.
Then I might actually be
rewarded for my- Huh?
So some rats have wandered into
the Sanctuary's center.
Ha! I can let off
some steam by toying-
(drumbeat) Oh!
Olivier, come with me!
For crying out loud,
why does all the trouble
have to come along
when I'm the one who
has to deal with it?
[Cid] So, you wanna disappear?
[Aurora] Disappear?
[Cid] You said when we destroy
the core, you'll disappear.
[Aurora] Oh, right.
But I won't really disappear.
It would be more accurate to
say I'll be set free.
This is a prison of memories
that will repeat itself
into eternity.
It's just a little
too much for me.
Okay, then whattya say we
wait a little bit longer.
[Aurora] Wait?
[Cid]
Give it a little more time,
for things to work out.
Ah...
According to the formula,
it is about time for the
story's protagonist
to make an entrance,
after all.
Huh?
(electrical discharge)
[Kagenou]
There you are, protagonist!
The hero's direct descendant
who can draw the holy sword!
(shine)
[Cid] And he's bald?!
He's bald.
Is this one of those times
where the bad guy
gets there first to
stop the protagonist?
[Kagenou] What am I supposed
to do in this variation?
Huh?
What's the matter?
Oh, nothing is wrong exactly.
It's just, that elf there looks
just like a friend of mine.
But nah, it's not her.
So, I see you've brought
Aurora out of her cage.
You know this old baldy?
Well, I'm not sure.
I don't recognize him,
but my memories are incomplete,
so I can't be sure.
I may have met this
baldy somewhere.
(Nelson laughs)
Sorry to disappoint you,
but the likes of you will never
be able to open that door!
(dramatic music)
[Nelson]
Bad luck for you, young man!
You mean me?
I don't know where you
wandered in from,
but you were dumb enough to
let this witch deceive you
and now you are going to die!
Olivier here is going to
cut you to pieces!
(gasps)
(ah...)
[Aurora] No, don't! She's-
[Cid] I know, she's strong.
[Aurora] You have to run!
[Cid] Why?
If you must blame someone,
don't blame me.
Blame the witch for your
inevitable end!
The witch,
or your own foolish self!
(hmpfh)
(tense dramatic music)
(Olivier dashing)
(Aurora gasps)
(explosion)
(multiple explosions)
(gasps)
(music stops abruptly)
(schwing)
(thud)
(chuckles)
[Nelson]
Why are you making that face?
Why on earth are you
smiling right now?
Oh yeah, you're right.
I am smiling.
There is nothing
I find more repugnant
than a man who does
not know his place.
The only reason you are
still alive right now
is that you were lucky,
that's all!
(Olivier whooshing)
(swords clanging)
(blood splattering)
[Nelson] Impossible!
How is it that you
are still alive?!
[Cid] A battle without a
conversation is just tedious.
[Nelson] What?
She doesn't even have a heart.
Not only that, she doesn't
answer any of my questions.
What are you talking about?
Olivier!
Finish him off already!
[Aurora] No, stop it!
[Cid] Hmm?
[Aurora] That's enough of this!
[Cid] But why?
No human being could ever
overpower her!
I don't remember why I know
that, but I do.
Not even the guy who would win
in a tournament of humans
who can't use magic?
[Aurora] It's all right.
You've done enough.
You've given me more memories
than I ever
could have asked for.
[Cid] Huh?
[Aurora] There's no need for
you to lose your life!
[Cid] Huh?
-I'll figure out the rest
of it on my own.
-Huh?
(Nelson laughs)
[Nelson]
A witch that can't use magic?
What could you possibly do?
I can least help him escape!
(Nelson laughs)
[Nelson] A witch who is
defending another person?
Truly, I have never heard
anything more ridiculous.
But if you agree to help ME,
then I would be willing to
spare the boy's life.
Help you with what?
What are you talking about?
[Nelson] Huh, you and your
incomplete memories.
All you have to do is swear
that you will work with us.
You see,
we are severely behind schedule,
because of your constant
refusal to cooperate.
[Aurora] (gasps) All right.
[Cid] Hey! Don't I get
a say in any of this?
Excuse me!
I'm doing this for your sake!
[Cid] I don't need your help.
I've been listening
to you guys talk,
and I wish you'd
stop assuming that
I'm gonna lose this battle.
It's really quite offensive.
Are you so stupid
that you don't know
what's going on here?
We're saying that if you're a
good boy and do what we say,
we'll let you go!
[Cid] And I'm saying,
I don't need your help.
[Cid] You two can just watch.
[Aurora] Wait!
Fine then! Kill him!
(blood splattering)
(chuckles)
(echoing) I got you!
(ENDING THEME)